{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Be careful, you are not in Wonderland. I've heard the strange madness long growing in your soul. But you are fortunate in your ignorance, in your isolation. You who have suffered, find where love hides. Give, share, lose - lest we die, unbloomed.|that idea might make a stupid idea feel better about itself.|Lesser than Macbeth, and greater. Not so happy, yet much happier. Thou shalt get kings, though thou be none. So all hail, Macbeth and Banquo! |He may look like an idiot and talk like an idiot, but don't let that fool you. He really is an idiot.|Furthermore, those not understanding this intensity will say you work all the time and probably resent it - you make them look bad. But for you, work is play.|I believe that for every one of these anxious, anguished people who have come here this evening there must be hundreds of others also touched by the implanted vision who never made it this far. It's simply because they never watched the television. Or perhaps they watched it but never made the psychic connecion.|Many think that probabilities do not exist in real life. Nevertheless, a given or computed value of the probability of some event A can be used in order to make conscious decisions. The entire subject of statistics depends on the use of probabilities. We depend on probabilities to make simple choices in our daily lives.|Theres a fire starting in my heart reaching a fever pitch, and it's bringing me out the dark. Finally, I can see you crystal clear. Go ahead and sell me out, and I'll lay your ship bare. See how I'll leave with every piece of you. Don't underestimate the things that I will do.|Ive seen places, faces and smiled for a moment. But oh, you haunted me so. Still my tongue tied, young pride would not let my love for you show in case you say no.|Show them how to fly away, when this world is torn. If you feel like dying, lose that forever, you're shining and it shows.|I don't want tickets, I need you to find me a painting, a classic, been nicked out of Lenny's house. And since you got more feet on the street than coppers on the beat, I'd like you to assist. I'll leave you a little livener. There's a large twenty to get some tongues wagging.}